
ADD AN ECLIPSE INSTALLATION TO WORK WITH GITHUB

- create a github account
- in eclipse go to > window > preferences > general > network connections > ssh2
- then go to > key magement > generate rsa key
- put a password in "passphrase" and "confirm passphrase"
- click "save private key" and give the default name/location
- select all text in "you can paste this public key..." field, copy and click "OK"
- back on your github profile, go to "ssh keys", click "add ssh key"
- in the "title" field enter some name to identify your computer
- in the "key" field paste the text you copied from eclipse ssh2 config and press "add key"




FETCH


PUSH

--------------------------------

fetch to local repo

project r click
team
add to index


add git repos view

menu window - open views - (other) - git - git repos


fetch from github to remote

in git repos view...
open remotes - origin - fetch (rgeen left arrow) r click - (configure - paste uri - add map) - fetch


copy github repo uri

in github repo, there is a small link bottom right , select ssh and copy url


PUSH TO GITHUB

commit workspace to local repo

//project - r click - team - add to index
project - r click - team - commit
enter a message - select files - commit (and push?)


merge local repo with remote repo (first time ask password)

in git repos view
my project - branches - local - my repo - r click - push
paste repo uri - next - select branch - push

----------------------

IMPORT FROM GITHUB

myProject > rclick > import > git > clone url > paste github ssh url project
if not empty dir, delete repo before

---------------------------------

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19474186/egit-rejected-non-fast-forward



    In eclipse, open the view 'Git Repositories'.

    Ensure you see your local repository and can see the remote repository as a subfolder. In my version, it's called Remotes, and then I can see the remote project within that.

    Look for the green arrow pointing to the left, this is the 'fetch' arrow. Right click and select 'Configure Fetch'.

    You should see the URI, ensure that it points to the remote repository.

    Look in the ref mappings section of the pop-up. Mine was empty. This will indicate which remote references you want to fetch. Click 'Add'.

    Type in the branch name you need to fetch from the remote repository. Mine was 'Master' (btw, a dropdown here would be great!!, for now, you have to type it). Continue through the pop-up, eventually clicking 'Finish'.

    Click 'Save and Fetch'. This will fetch that remote reference.

    Look in the 'Branches' folder of your local repository. You should now see that remote branch in the remote folder. Again, I see 'master'.

    Right-Click on the local branch in the 'Local' folder of 'Branches'. Select 'Merge', and then select the remote branch.

    Process through the merge.

    Commit any changes to your local repository.

    Push your changes to the remote repository.

    Go have a tasty beverage, congratulating yourself. Take the rest of the day off.
